let's take a look at the factory hot
rods in his Andhra championship pro
stock opener at wizard in number 18
qualified Scott Porter for JV
automotives in seven Bruce League the
specialty fasteners take a look at six
it's ian brown for silver racing power
and jason Grimer for pc cranes is in
position five looking at the top off the
field now brisbane I zuzu entry of Dave
Newcomb having a good run and Tyrone's
remain for aqualine pools in qualifying
peg number three let's look at our top
two qualifiers now and look at the
spread well there is no spread will
almost 11 thousands of a second and both
John barbagallo for JV auto & the
alkaline pulls entry of errant remain
are just outside Johnny droplets as
national record I think that's gonna get
smashed in eliminations
moving to the first round of pro stock
eliminations we saw a Jason Grimer take
on Dave dukem in an unbelievable
side-by-side drag race gromer with a
tiny hole shot and strong ET to hold on
for a very close win Tyrone Tremaine
went under the record with a super quick
7 13 seconds to outpace and brown in the
silver racing products Pontiac John
Barbagallo shallow staged his forward
chasing a quick ET but came unstuck with
a red light and wasted a sub record 715
against former Andrew pro stock champion
Bruce leak Aaron Tremaine claimed the
speed King title with his 714 @ / 305
km/h with a victory over Scott Porter's
beautiful ford mustang sending him
straight to the semis
400 cubic inches and five-speed gearbox
is all done and run the half track we're
down to the final four in Pro Stock here
at this andrew championship opener bruce
leak in the specialty fastest entry
taking on tyrone to remain in the
aquiline pools entry what an awesome
eating the first round for him oh
absolutely under the national record
looking so strong but you can never
count out Bruce like he's a former
national champ
reaction times are critical in Pro Stock
to rates remain a double 08 light balika
huge problem left before the timer reset
you have a look there the Oldsmobile
crept early instant red light even
before the start of throwing the switch
throws an automatic win over to Tremaine
yeah mate I thought I was like but
obviously it wasn't I thought I can't be
that like yeah it's fun the toys big
time off the law I know that the tracks
tis not there to hold it at the start
line then but we'll go back and see what
we can do well this echo line pools
machine of our maid has been in awesome
for Tyrone has the easier than it so far
but aaron has the speed so far hundred
and ninety-one twice miles an hour in
the first round the two brothers have
shared the honors so far but Jason grime
owes the opportunity to be a real
spoiler here this beautiful ford mustang
the cars been on its game and the driver
has been spot-on with the reaction times
he's going to need a whole shot but we
have seen from right back to his super
sedan days he can do the job behind the
wheel the pc cranes machine up against
the alkaline entry this is a huge
matchup semi-finals here at the AC delco
east coast nationals a bit of a staging
duel going on just how we love it in Pro
Stock neither these guys want to stage
first they're playing with the ribs
they're trying to hit that they're going
to bump in Jason grime is a master of
this finally he bumps in Tremaine
pitting
wells a tight drag race for at least
half the run but remain with a 717
Grimer with an early shut off but that
machine has been stamped this event so
far after the staging jewel the whole
shot went to Tremaine anyway he had the
horsepower but have a look at gromer he
was there until we saw the chief light
sort of hang on for ages I don't know
whether they had a trans problem there's
the Cylons a bit da you know a little
bit loose but other than that hopefully
it's a track stays at same temperature
and doesn't feel off too much we will
both get down with a clean pass after
the break we move to the finals of pro
stalker Pro Stock Motorcycle it's an
attempt to drag racing over see you
shortly